---
description: >-
  In-person attendance: Johnson Houze Keltner Sam Overholt Online attendance:
  Taylor Ethridge Hennis
---

# 03/11/2025



Kate Kerr resigning as PR chair – Kevin taking over\
Proposed change to bylaws – quorum. Large percentage of members inactive and make it hard to do\
business. To qualify, you must attend a member meeting, officer meeting, formal event attended by the\
organization, or class hosted by the space. This does not affect ability to vote, cotes just don't count\
toward quorum.\
Goal is to have it settled by 6/1\
We will have the amendment discussion at every officers meeting until it's settled.\


Invited to be a booth at Horror Fest at Expo Gardens - $75/booth\
What are we going to demonstrate?\
What is our ROI?\
Are we going to let members who make stuff sell stuff at the booth?\


Voted against purchasing s table this year\


8k donation with CAT match. Other 8k will come at the end of the quarter. Their specific instructions\
were to buy tools for RCL off the Wishlist. Currently there is 8k left to spend. Tool agenda:\
Arkdroid – CNC machine for plasma, we'd also get plasma cutter and table. It is self-contained but can\
run of DXF or G-code.\
Arkdroid $3347.27 total\
Cutter 60 amp Eastwood and table $1126.28 total\
This is an alternative to a waterjet table which would have been 9k\


The vacuformer in the woodshop will be gone soon. Going nextdoor\


Mike's brother donating 5ft sheer and 4ft brake\


Additional battery-operated tools:\
18V - Rotary impact, die grinder, belt sander, stapler and trim nailer\
12V – 3/8 inch ratchet\
Total $1400\


3D print room being used 24/7 for the last month\
Bambu – A1 with AMS $650\


Sublimation hat press – Sawgrass with 4 dies $725\
Heather suggestion: replacement tube for Razer $2300. Take $2500 into 6month CD. Money continues\
to rollover if we don't need it\


Motion on the table: tools listed to be purchased.\


Ratchet voted against for now\


Adding extension cord for plasma cutter for $80.\


Adding 15 3D sppols for less than $255\


Currently at $7554 total of the 16k\


Getting quickbooks. Will be $17/mont for first 3 months, then will be $35/month\
Charlie and Kevin switching everything over to Google starting Thursday
