---
description: >-
  Attendance: Jeep Johnson Heather Houze Mike Overholt Bill Keltner Roger
  Online: Erin Taylor Kevin Ethridge
---

# 07/08/2025

Old Business:\
Financial report:\
108 memberships\
1.1k over\
Got CAT money and opening another CD for 3k. PNC has a promo for money market acct, put 10k in\
money market with 4% interest, it is liquid\
18k Paypal\
8k PNC\
Financial report approved\
Meeting minutes from last month accepted.\
Bylaws changes: Establishing Quorun on quarterly basis – to be on November ballot\
Consolidation of officer positions: New memberships go under President and VP, Event coordinator\
will go under PR.\
Safety Officer: New position to be written up – if not filled, responsibilities will be split among other\
officers.\
AED: Grant paperwork filled out to get 2 free AEDs placed. $700 for a good one if grant is not\
awarded. Requirements for AED has to be usable with little to no training and has guided training as\
part of its usage. Tabled until notice on grant.\
Dust collector is 99% done, hangers need reinforced, but is fully operational. The one for the new chop\
saw is installed and new hose system is working.\
Sewing machines: embroidery machine will be taken for tune-up, will cost $200 and should last a\
couple years.\
Welding area venting will be until it cools off a bit. A different noise is coming from the paint booth,\
squirrel cage needs to be looked at. We need to knock a hole in the side and mount it. WE do not need\
permission from own to punch hole in the wall.\
Pinewood Derby is here, can be rewired

IGNITE: Jacks on Adams providing Ignite lunch. Water will be provided, gatorade also a possibility.\
We really need to get members to commit to helping set up, tear down, and promote the brand. Our\
table placement is in front and we may be the first thing people will see. The week after IGNITE,\
please come and help with tours, we are having an open house.\
Load-in Friday at 2p.\
Thursday 7/10 is the sticker class\
7/17 sanding party\
Halloween convention: handing out fliers. If you have free time at the space, please cut the cards out.\
New Business:\
We have 4.5k left from the 16k donation (+3k in CD for laser tube). UV printer has a lot of support on\
the wishlist. It is $900 off with Prime day. With all accessories and ink, cleaning kit, and basic\
materials kit, going for $3900. It is a new product from Kickstarter and will not ship until October.\
Motion passed.\
Intro to Adreno and electronics. $40 class in August for Officers/members. Take home kit with Uno R3\
board. All pieces included. Limited to 10 seats.\
New scissors for sewing machines purchased.\
Purchasing CO2 fire extinguisher for the laser. Current extinguishers are ABCs and leave residue which\
will destroy lasers. Next time the fire inspector comes thru, will request a CO2 extinguisher to sit\
between all 2 lasers. 25Lb for $350. Motion passed.\
Fans are running nonstop with the temp, we are going to buy another Power fan, we'd also like to\
purchase a TV mount and mount it behind the projector screen.\
Meeting adjourned.
