# 10/15/2025

Attendees: Bill Keltner, Heather Houze, Jeep, Mike Overholt, Kevin Ethridge, Erin Taylor (arrived late)

<br>

No amendments for last months meeting minutes, both members and officers

<br>

Financial report

3 months of money market interest paid $100, CD makes $10/month. Renewed CD for another 4 months.&#x20;

If there is a cat match in November, matched funds can be added to the money market account.&#x20;

Monthly fixed expenses are approximately $3300/month.&#x20;

Proposal: Expenses over a certain amount should be moved from PayPal to the money market account each month to maximize interest returned. Currently $9284 in PayPal account.&#x20;

Venmo account has been looked into, action item for future discussion.

Motion to approve - unanimous approval

<br>

Old Business - Elections, Nominations are in, election forms will be sent out Thursday. Items to be voted on are&#x20;

1\. Wishlist purchases - $10,000 to be spent by officers to buy items.&#x20;

2\. Change in quorum rules based on meeting attendance.&#x20;

3\. Remove Events officer and Members officer and create safety officers position.&#x20;

4\. RCL to sponsor Ignite for $1000. Encourage all members to vote after Thursday.

Anniversary party at RCL in November.

Defibrillator quotes should be in next month. CO2 fire extinguisher added to laser area

Anime/Comic Con at Civic Center - 2 booth space, we need to do 3 classes at the event.

Wishlist large items

UV Laser

CNC machine

Crowd funding recommended for both items to maximize purchasing power.&#x20;

Computers - Lightburn PC needs replaced due to lack of Windows 11 support and other software we use removing support for Windows 10. Replacement options were suggested for approximately $2000. Max budget proposal of $2800 to be added to ballot for replacing CAD Desktop computer.

<br>

New Business

Procedural change for reports of incidences - 4 different incidences have been investigated and names were included without proof of culpability. Any time an incident is investigated Officers enter an executive session and minutes are not released of that session until the finding is complete. Names would only be included if the finding was found that the incident was worthy of an action. Guided Operating Procedure to be updated.

Peoria Buzz video was well regarded

Suggestion of changing from Slack to Discord due to Slack charging certain companies. After discussion no interest was found unless Slack’s changes begin affecting RCL.

Cricut subscription - No non profit discount plan. Premium is $119/year. Motion made to purchase 1 year of access. Approved with no objections

Heather gifting a computerized sewing machine with quilting foot to RCL as a permanent donation, value of donation is $400.

Milwaukee battery soldering iron - $80-$90 purchase. Approved with no objections.

Motion to adjourn - Meeting Adjourned at 8:54pmRCL Officers Meeting - October 14, 2025

<br>

Attendees: Bill Keltner, Heather Houze, Jeep, Mike Overholt, Kevin Ethridge, Erin Taylor (arrived late)

<br>

1\. Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes

* No amendments to last month's meeting minutes from members or officers.

2\. Financial Report

* Income: $100 in money market interest (3 months), $10/month from CD. CD renewed for 4 months.
* Potential Income: Matched funds from November cat match can be added to money market.
* Expenses: Monthly fixed expenses are approximately $3300.
* Proposal: Move expenses over a certain amount from PayPal to the money market account monthly to maximize interest (currently $9284 in PayPal).
* Action Item: Venmo account research for future discussion.
* Motion to approve financial report: Unanimously approved.

3\. Old Business

* Elections: Nominations are in, election forms to be sent out Thursday. Items for vote include:
* Wishlist purchases: $10,000 for officers to buy items.
* Change in quorum rules based on meeting attendance.
* Remove Events Officer and Members Officer, create Safety Officer position.
* RCL to sponsor Ignite for $1000.
* All members encouraged to vote after Thursday.
* Anniversary Party: Scheduled for November at RCL.
* Safety: Defibrillator quotes expected next month. CO2 fire extinguisher added to laser area.
* Anime/Comic Con (Civic Center): Secured 2 booth spaces. Need to conduct 3 classes at the event.
* Wishlist Large Items:
* UV Laser
* CNC machine
* Crowdfunding recommended for both items.
* Computers: Lightburn PC needs replacement (lack of Windows 11 support, software removing Windows 10 support). Replacement options approximately $2000. Max budget proposal of $2800 for replacing CAD Desktop computer to be added to ballot.

4\. New Business

* Procedural Change for Incident Reports: For investigations, officers will enter executive session, and minutes will not be released until findings are complete. Names will only be included if the incident warrants action. Guided Operating Procedure to be updated.
* Peoria Buzz Video: Well-regarded.
* Slack to Discord: No interest in switching unless Slack's changes affect RCL.
* Cricut Subscription: No non-profit discount. Premium is $119/year.
* Motion: To purchase 1 year of access. Approved with no objections.
* Donation: Heather gifted a computerized sewing machine with quilting foot to RCL (permanent donation, value $400).
* Milwaukee Battery Soldering Iron: $80-$90 purchase. Approved with no objections.

5\. Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn: Meeting adjourned at 8:54 PM.

<br>
