---
description: >-
  Attendance: Bill Keltner Jeep Johnson Heather Houze Mike Overholt Roger Alan
  Online: Erin Taylor Kevin Ethridge Don Kalmes
---

# 05/13/2025

\
Review of Secretary minutes and Treasury report\
Motion to accept – Accepted\
Old Business:\
Bylaws amendment for Quorum – It will be recalculated quarterly. Officers will meet with secretary to\
check attendance and calculate. Any disputes will be resolved by Officers meeting. Members who do\
do not attend an even or meeting but would like to vote, they have full voting rights. Quorum\
calculation does not affect voting rights. Silence as acquiescence.\
Dust collector system – being worked on, 2/3 done. Parts ordered. 3 pcs of pipe and 3 gates needed.\
Mike is donating 2 more Ys and 1 90 that have the gasket on them. In the back room now. Roger will\
call/pick up tomorrow, 5/14/25.\
Thank you to everyone for cleaning up after themselves after events. Please continue to remind and\
encourage other members to do the same.\
Ignite – Paying for 1 space, denote how much space we need for it. Jeep calculates 4 20x40s. Pinewood\
derby, tabletop games, out actual booth. Bill printing off gaming accessories and masks (cosplay) to\
show that we have the capacity to create those. Also Settlers of Catan. We will need more/new filament\
to cover making more fidget toys – they went over well at Engineering day. Please volunteer at least\
half day of not whole. Day before and day of help. There will be food and water!\
New Business:\
Shopping list –

1. We need a Prime membership because of our ordering over the last year. It is $139 annually. We   \
   order enough to justify. Heather will work with Charlie and Kevin on the wishlist for things RCL could   \
   use. Could post of social media periodically. Also consider a Prime credit card as a 501c3. That would   \
   pay for itself.   \
   Related: Passing along rep info for free membership for non-profit business Prime account   \
   No objection to purchasing account even if it's not free.
2. No objections to the items Heather listed included sewing clips
3. Many members do not have tags. Lanyards are 2.6/apiece. Want to order 100 lanyards in green. We   \
   need acrylic to make it. It is $196. That will give us enough to make for everyone and have extras.   \
   Purchase approved.
4. Don's list – power cord reels and drops for the woodshop. On Amazon it's $89 apiece. 1 needed, 2   \
   preferred. We are good for buying 2 drop cords that are 12 3
5. 2 new machines were purchased for $200 before JoAnn went out of business. Heavy duty sewing   \
   machine and Serger.   \


In the last couple years we have sponsored Josh's St Jude run. We usually do $200, doing $350 this\
year, no objections heard.\
We need to put together thank you cards for the large donations. 16k is what we got, last year we had\
an anonymous 10k. Next week we will have it to sign and send. Rick's Chicken also. Idea: creat a\
donation wall. Based on each amount, you can get a piece of the wall dedicated to each donor.\
Update from Jay: Planning on covering all kitchen expenses. Please join #bakerspace so you can see\
that channel.\
Consolidate safety officer position – please consider having a safety officer as a formal member of the\
Officers board, absorbed by Facilities officer. Provide safety and training orientation. Would submit for\
PPE. Facilitate safety inspections, would require a response to incidents. Chemical disposal.\
Collaborate with current staff. Consider investing in AED and see if we can get one donated. They may\
also do a free CPR class.\
Consolidating other officer positions – 2 proposed that fold into other position. To streamline and\
reduce burden. Events Officer to roll into PR. Members Officer to roll into the president and VP.\
A proposal to amend the bylaws to fill officer positions is being reviewed.\
We have received substantial amount of donations. We as officers need to using the wishlist channel to\
start documenting those items with likes and comments to determine most requested items. That will\
give us time to use it and put together a proposal for November vote.\
Ventilation system for plasma cutting and welding - The cheap and quick version is to take the extra\
squirrel cage over paint booth and mount it sideways over the area and plug in as needed. Expensive\
and nicer, cleaner system is to buy an actual welding ventilation system. Current protocol is open door\
and turn on fan, which is efficient. Machine does not run enough to justify the higher system. It would\
otherwise cost 4k. We can also buy a new exhaust fan. Using the cheap fix for now, expensive item is
