---
description: >-
  Attendees: Jeep Johnson Heather Houze Mike Overholt Roger Alan Online:  Erin
  Taylor Kevin Ethridge Alan Hennis Sam
---

# 06/10/2025

Old Business:\
Changing bylaws: Was reviewed\
ASM Storage membership paid back dues and will also be paying for Swag table (389) and portaband\
(going back to Nov agreement for purchasing of tools). Paypalled $1700, Create account on\
rivercitylabs.space, paid thru a year.\
CD has been taken care of. 3K laser tube fund. Paperwork in treasurer cabinet. Rolls over in Sept. BY\
then, we will have 11,500 from CAT donation, may get another 3k CD at that time. Will reevaluate 4\
months vs 8 months. Alternative = purchase laser tube in 2 years and designate remaining dollars as\
general fund.\
Treasurer's report: still $1100/month extra. Quickbooks eliminated. 1116 over this month, still in black.\
For tracking, PNC CD 1 is listed on the financial report. Will be updated regularly for transparency.\
Amazon business account set up = free shipping. Email purchases to Heather.\
Dust collector is done! Ventilation for plasma cutter still needed. Next on the list for logistics\
New Business:\
Tail stock on lathe not operational. Last time a cylinder hone was used to fix, no longer a fix, needs\
replaced. This falls under “broken tools” etc. Full assembly is expensive, Don pricing. After markets\
aren't cheap but might be better than originals. Even Grizzly is offering aftermarkets instead of\
originals on their website for $850. Mike offered to drive to WA to go get it. The lathe itself is\
operational, after Harrold resurfaced it, it is very accurate. Just the tail stock that needs replaced. 2.5\
inches of travel at a time. Pricing obtained prior to members' meeting next Thurs.\
Milwaukee air compressor $289 Amazon. 18V, 2G, 2H air compressor. Home Depot $389, FF $349.\
Want to purchase out of ASM reimbursement money. Motion made. Motion passed.\
IGNITE fliers cost 1k/$20. $21 makes 2500 if made in-house. Motion passed.\
Walking foot for sewing machine purchased – will fit Singer too, purchase on Amazon. More user-\
friendly on bigger pieces of material. $28.96\
IGNITE sign-up: 54 badges made for people who've said they are going to IGNITE. If that's the case,\
we need to sign up for morning/afternoon shifts. Getting gondolas like engineering day. Current rumor\
is that our spot is in front. Makers in front, commercial in rear. If true, we will be BUSY. List and\
confirmation to follow. We will also need help Fri, we usually meet at 2p, waiting on confirmation.\
Roger will be person for additional wiring. Al bringing track.\
Venting welding and plasma area: sever solutions proposed. Discussed among metalworkers that this is\
extreme overkill and cost which is unnecessary. Furnace swirl cage fan can be mounted with a hole out\
the side of the building. Like the dust collection system, a hose that can be put on the area you're\
working in that would remove the air from where you're working and blow it outside.\
Want to get a dust collector for the chop saw. It does not limit the saw and sucks 2x what the existing\
one does.\
Mike offered to purchase plasma cutter. Motion made to sell for the $500 to Mike. Motion passed.\
Sewing machine covers: Harbor freight sells large pieces of sturdy fabrics. Roger has rubberized fabric\
material we could use. Roger donating. Bill had mentioned last month about having machines go\
through some routine maintenance. Waiting on info.
