# 12/09/2025

December 2025 Officer's Meeting RCL NFP

**Attendance:**

Bill Keltner\
Mike Overholt\
Erin Taylor\
Heather Houze\
Jeep Johnson\
Kevin Ethridge

Congrats to all reelected and new officers

Amendments approved as is.

114 Memberships\
$1615.44 over, after overhead\
Treasurer minutes approved<br>

**Old Business:**

* ComiCon in March 7th and 8th - approved for 2 booths and 4 presentations. Willow and Mary\
  are doing a Cosplay sewing class, also doing etching and 3D printing.

**New Business:**

* Peoria Museum, Sunday, Febuary 22nd 2026 for Engineering Day. Asking for additional space.
* Ordered 2mm 12x12 sheets of plywood to use for the event. Using to show how laser works at event. Play by ear for ordering additional wood. Please sign up o volunteer, if you sign p, you will get free\
  entry/badge. Crucial to help get out name out there.
* Computer purchase: the one we want won’t be shipped until February. It is $2649.56. There will\
  be Covid-level waitlists for electronics, order sooner rather than later.
* Defibrillator purchase: getting donation from Marquette Heights Men’s club of $500 that we will\
  put toward that. Bill is taking the Red Cross class and then will teach the rest of us.
* Window Sealed on Shop #1. Thank you to Jeep, Mike and Alan. Fully insulated and trimmed-out. We\
  have 2 additional kits.
* Alan is updating Wiki with new tools, Looking for subject matter experts.
* Please encourage members to clean up after themselves, especially with the Christmas rush.
* Chili Cook-of is Jan 29th.
* New Officers take over on 1/3/2026. 1/13/2026 is the next Officers meeting with the new officers.
