# 12/18/2025

December 2025 Officer's Meeting RCL NFP<br>

**Attendance:**

Bill Keltner\
Mike Overholt\
Erin Taylor\
Heather Houze\
Jeep Johnson\
Kevin Ethridge\
Alan Hennis

Congrats to all reelected and new officers

Amendments approved as is.

114 Memberships

$1615.44 over, after overhead

Treasurer minutes approved

**Old Business:**

ComiCon in March 7th and 8th - approved for 2 booths and 4 presentations. Willow and Mary\
are doing a Cosplay sewing class, also doing etching and 3D printing.

**New Business:**

Peoria Museum, Feb 22nd for Engineering Day. Asking for additional space. Ordered 2mm\
12.12 sheets of wood to use for the even. Using to show how laser works at event. Play by ear\
for ordering additional wood. Please sign up o volunteer, if you sign p, you will get free\
entry/badge. Crucial to help get out name out there.

Computer purchase: the one we want won’t be shipped until February. It is $2649.56. There will\
be Covid-level waitlists for electronics, order sooner rather than later.

Defibrillator purchase: getting donation from Marquette Heights Men’s club of $500 that we will\
put toward that. Bill is taking the Red Cross class and then will teach the rest of us.

Window Sealed on Shop #1. Thank you to Jeep and Mike. Fully insulated and trimmed-out. We\
have 2 additional kits.

Alan is updating Wiki with new tools, Looking for subject matter experts.

Please encourage members to clean up after themselves, especially with the Christmas rush.

Chili Cook-of is Jan 29th.

New Officers take over on ⅛. 1/13 is the next Officers meeting with the new officers.
