# 9/18/2025

September 2025 member meeting RCL NFP

<br>

Attendance:&#x20;

Al Jolly

Benita

Jeep Johnson

Bill Keltner

Willow Keltner

Heather Houze&#x20;

Roger&#x20;

Erin Taylor

Kevin Ethridge

Charlie Ballowe

Sam

Mike Overholt

Alan Hennis

Brady Imel

Don Kalmes

Mary Keltner

2 new tourees turned members

<br>

Old Business:

Officer’s meeting voted on: Approved 14 year olds for battery operated drills, etc. excl circular saws. Will allow family memberships more use.

<br>

Safety glasses: in the woodshop, please remember safety glasses must be on at all times.

<br>

Attending more events and attracting a more diverse base - in exchange for putting on 1 seminar/day we will have a free booth space.&#x20;

<br>

Horror Fiesta - gave out a ton of fliers, Keltner’s project got a lot of attention.

<br>

Elections: Open nomination process. Member for 6 months before nomination. Starving cannot be officers or vote. 1 vote for full and one for family. Quorum amendment up for vote. Safety officer creation, combining P and VP. Voting will start in November. Please vote.&#x20;

<br>

Treasurer report: CD is gaining $10/month. Will be renewing 4 or 6 month. Money market is making $34/month. Considering PNC credit card or Amazon Business card. $1470 in the back every month.&#x20;

<br>

Tool wish list: Right now there is a CNC woodworking machine, infrared machine, etc bigger purchases for next year. If you like that idea, please comment and like on Slack so we can gauge support for these tools since some require a vote to purchase. We will also be authorizing another 10k for officers to purchase tools.

<br>

New Business:

We don’t have a fume extractor to take to events. Increases capability to do demos at booths. $242 for one of these to take to events. Then we can take the laser to events. Only for Roly to go to different events. Roly can run off Lightburn, which we already have on the computers. Motion passes, purchase approved.

<br>

We’d like to turn the anniversary into an annual tradition for a yearly gathering. RCL will provide the main meal and ask members for sides and have a big family party. Would be onsite. Possibly on election night for Quorum. In January we would like to do a soup/chili cookoff. Budget 1k for party approved.

<br>

Class channel on Slack: We are looking for class ideas for next year. Please post idea if you’d like to see given or give a class. Could be anything. We need to know what you want.

<br>

Shop courtesy: as a general reminder, if you make a mess, clean it up. If you use consumables, please put money in the jar to replace.&#x20;

<br>

Tools on loan: New procedural change: You need to post at least 4 hours in advance so we can approve the use. That way we won’t have any overlap of need. If you don’t see a response within 4 hours, you may take the tool. Also please post when you are planning to bring it back, and once it has been returned.&#x20;

<br>

During classes or meetings, all use of other tools in that area must be stopped.&#x20;

<br>

New french cleat walls in clean room, tablet stationed by the sewing machine for tutorials.

&#x20;

Please remember us with companies matching donations as the year closes.

<br>

Playground at Valeska will continue after a successful ground scan. We would love help with CAD design. Request for a communication board on the ground.  &#x20;

<br>
