# 03/08/2022

Attendees: Aaron, Sam

* [#administration-bylaws-updates](https://rclpeoria.slack.com/archives/C034R05BNRG)
* [Wiki channel directory](https://wiki.rivercitylabs.space/members/active-channel-directory)
* Discuss rolling bylaw updates idea
  * pick a section each month and see if it still serves us, and change wording if necessary
  * purchase guidelines
* Code of conduct update proposal (in progress)
* Casting class lessons learned
* expansion,
