---
description: March '22 Officer's Meeting
---

# 03/08/2022

Attendees: Aaron, Alan, Fred, Karen, Patrick, Sam



* [#administration-bylaws-updates](slack://channel?team=T046HEHJB\&id=C016R8V6GR2)
  * [Expansion](slack://channel?team=T046HEHJB\&id=C030S6U1MPD)
    * Make a draft proposal, newsletter to members for voting (Karen, Patrick and Sam)
      * include the expansion floorplan
      * include the prices, current situation wrt financials and our options
      * make it look like a "compare these options"
  * Discuss rolling bylaw updates idea
    * pick a section each month and see if it still serves us, and change wording if necessary
    * Purchase guidelines
* [Wiki channel directory](https://wiki.rivercitylabs.space/members/active-channel-directory)
* Code of conduct update proposal
* Casting class lessons learned
* Rotary Laser&#x20;
  * Converting K40 to being a full time rotary laser
  * increase the Z height too
* Laser chiller fuses
  * Greg and Fred ordered 15 together
* Spring time cleaning Routine
  * Fred and Sam to clean the Kitchen and Laser
  * replace the bathroom sink with a utility sink?

