# 1/11/2022

Participants: Alan, Josh, Wes, Karen, Cody, Aaron, Sam

Josh: Mill mounting plate design/purchase. Will cotinue discussion in #metalworking\
will work on adding a space-wide doorbell via homeassistant or something.

Sam: Expressed concern about getting some salt onto the parking lot, it's getting very slick and hazardous. Josh says he'll get some salt down.

Alan will get the belt sander stuff put back together this week

Wes: \
1\. suggests woodshop purchases, will put details in #woodshop\
2\. Suggests building new workbench with integrated router as a group project. fun! Design discussions will be held in #woodshop-workbench-router-project channel\
3\. Suggests goal setting for officers; we need to find a place to discuss this\
4\. Suggests membership interest/skills survey on how to improve the space\
5\. Suggests an offboarding project to get feedback from outgoing members\
6\. Suggests PR officer composes quarterly RCL newsletters to showcase what's going on\
7\. Will open up nominations for Director and Events Officer tonight 1/11/2022\
8\. Suggests we get a Smart Thermostat for the space. Share your opinion on which one in #7916-n-hale-ave!

Josh and Sam will get the Octoprint url's working externally this thursday

Alan wants to make QR codes for tooling that links to the wiki page! Join the discussion in #woodshop-qr-codes-project channel!



\
\


