---
description: >-
  Attendance: Heather Houze Jeep Johnson Bill Keltner Mike Overholt Online: Erin
  Taylor Kevin Ethridge Alan Hennis
---

# 15/08/2025

Motion passed to accept July 2025 minutes\
Financial Report:\
Surplus of $4475. Financial report approved.\
Old Business:\
Ignite: Thank you to everyone who came and helped at Ignite. If possible, please be here Thurs and Sat.\
It looks like we may get several families, so it is important to include the whole family. 2 1-month\
memberships have been given out, please show them around.\
New officer positions will move forward\
Bill is trying to get 2 AEDs and should hopefully have more info next month.\
Dust collection system needs a little work but is fully operational.\
Sewing machine has a full tune-up scheduled for October.\
Waiting on cooler weather to install exhaust fans for welding area.\
Pinewood derby – we have a lot of cars bite the dust and need to restock our supply, It's a great activity\
and we can look at setting aside a day to do that. Kits are available from several places.\
UV Printer: For covering our cost fee, we will post a QR code for our Paypal. It cost 40 cents/ml,\
compulsory donation of 60 cents per ml when you're using. Please do not shut it completely down, it\
takes it a long time and a lot of ink. Only time should be over Christmas break or long stretches of\
nonuse.\
Electronics class: 1 slot left open. 8/29, Friday night. Opening will be posted after meeting.\
Consumables: please pay attention and address on a case-by-case basis. Please have quiet one-on-one\
conversations about this if they are required.\
Horrorfest: We can hand out fliers. Your option if you want to or not, Heather will be there for Spook\
Hollow, so she will be working that area.\
New Business:\
Incident: During the sticker class, during the planned class Chris Smith demanded the code for the laser\
and was told to take the class. Chris took the class and not the exam and did not pass the exam. He\
wasn't given permission to run the laser without Jeep. He loaded 200 of the prints and started the\
machine and ignored the request to not run the machine during the class. Jeep asked him to stop, Chris\
refused. Machines that require tests are black and white. Running louder machines during scheduled\
classes needs to be posted/changed to bylaws because it is a gray area. Bill or Mike will talk to him\
with a quiet conversation. Rules will need to be officially amended so we have a policy in writing.\
Precedence gets codified when it is pressured or broken. We will post a new rule that when class is\
being given, no loud machines will be run. Code of conduct violation not given. Investigation closed.\
The computers here are for members to use, DO NOT change the primary login. Do not change settings\
to space computer. The default login will have administrative access removed and password will only\
be given to specific admins.\
Windows 10 will not be supported past Oct and Heather's will not take an update to 11. Cricut\
computer is also outdated. We found 2 Lenovo laptops with Windows 11. We should consider a\
budgetary item for regularly updated computers.\
First aid kit in the bathroom to be updated. Making sure there is one in the clean room and the wood\
shop as well.
