# 11/11/2025

November 2025 Officer Meeting Notes RCL NFP\
Attendance:\
Kevin Ethridge\
Erin Taylor\
Jeep Johnson\
Heather Houze\
Mike Overholt\
Roger Wheeler\
Alan Hennis\
Charlie Ballowe\
Sam\
Old business:\
Financial report: We have money, everything has been updated and replaced. We have $2027.\
Took 10k to money market, shows 20k. That is why PayPal shows 1k. CD has been renewed for\
4 months. Financial report accepted.\
Food for next Thurs has been ordered and will be delivered at 5p. $675 total, all extras included\
and provided by Monicals - plates, cups, soda, ice.\
Elections: Quorum is 41. Motion to accept, motion passes. Quorum met. Wednesday at 6p is\
the online deadline. Can also be completed in person on Thurs.\
New Business:\
Wishlist: Make it Snappy Mike), Tape measures, rulers, pinking shears, extension tray for\
CRicut, sewing materials. Pinewood Derby Kits. $204 total currently.\
3 mini RCL green tool boxes will be purchased from Harbor Freight. $18.99 per.\
Got an email from Riverfront Museum, Engineering day is 2/22. Please plan to stop by, attend,\
or boost. We will be taking the ROLY and fume extractor with us out and about.\
Charlie went thru and looked at updating civicrm. It’s been since 2018. Update to AWS will also\
need done, costs $50/month. The issue is the amount of RAM is too low. Issue tabled and will\
be addressed at next meeting when we have exact numbers and best options.\
The point of the requirements of our 501c3 was brought up to the officers. All requirements are\
being met. Officers are to be held to the expectations they volunteer for. Problems with officers\
shouldn’t be brought up over Slack and shouldn’t be belittling in nature.Secretary will be resigning as the membership has been converted to a family membership and\
she is ineligible for office.\
Next year elections: option to Abstain will be available.\
Many new tools need to be added to the Wiki.\
1 AED will be ordered. Costs $700.<br>
