# 9/09/2025

Attendees: Bill, Heather, Jeep, Roger, Kevin, Roger, Mike, Erin\
Minutes previous month, approved\
Treasurer report approved\
Dust Collector is repaired and needs to be cleaned out monthly. The filter system needs to be cleaned monthly. Suggested that the filter be cleaned immediately after monthly member meeting.\
UV Printer: no updates on shipment\
NAS: Passwords are not working\
First Aid Kits are here but a larger one for the bathroom needs to be replaced.\
New laptops are here and working.\
New Business:\
Safety: Safety glasses need to be worn and Sawstop was set off, but the proper tools were not used at the time of the incident. Nothing minor but still was still set off and the push sticks were not used. The member involved was trained but the proper measures were not taken.\
Amendment to the rules: Add battery operated drills to be used by minor. Any minor between 14-18, oscillating saws, drills, screw drivers can be used by anyone 14-18 with parental supervision ONLY. Circular saw (battery or plug in), SawZall (battery or plug in), Grinder (battery or plug in), Grinder (battery or plug in) cannot be used by anyone under the age of 18. Ok for members 14 to 17 years to use: Battery operated tools only to include drill, impact, oscillating, jig saw, battery operated sander, screwdriver, brad nailer, crown stapler, hammer drill, dremel (excluding the rotary tool in the grind room), sewing machine, serger, embroidery machine.\
Illinois Comic Con\
Tools on Loan: SOP Change—rule; post minimum 1-2 hours prior to say yay or nay to use the tool and cannot conflict with the needs of RCL.\
Clean Room Updates: Add French Cleats to sewing area and then add French cleats behind sewing area and next to the sublimation area. Spend $300 for materials to purchase said materials.
