# 04/17/25

Attendance:\
Heather Houze\
Jeep Johnson\
Bill Keltner\
Mary Keltner\
Kevin Ethridge\
Erin Taylor\
Javier Ocon\
Alan Hennis\
Mike Overholt\
Chris Smith\
Charlie Ballowe\
Al Jolly\
Paul\
Megan Unger (guest/tour)\
Randy Lin (guest/tour)\
Darrell\
Amanda\
Sam\
Karen Raab\
Roger Allen\
Cassie Vaupel

Old Business:\
Proposed amendment to quorum: Recount quorum quarterly before election\
cycle to determine. To be counted towards quorum, members must attend\
an officers’ or members’ meeting in person or online, effective 12/1/2025.\
Discussed remote and proxy voting via email. Disputes to be settled by an\
officers meeting/vote. Amendment to be submitted at next vote, prepare to\
adopt.\
For IGNITE: Come and help promote our brand! We will be doing 4 or 8\
hour shifts, please sign up for at least 4 hours, and please consider staying\
for 8! We will be bringing the tracks for Pinewood Derby, life-size Jenga, and\
3D printers for fidget toys, etc. Please wear your RCL shirt and lanyard\
(new ones will be printed for everyone). Please be sure to attend Build\
Night the following Thursday to be available to help with tours resulting\
from Ignite.\
New InkJet: Just purchased, has capability to make stickers with Cricut\
print and cut sheets.\
PLEASE CLEAN UP AFTER YOURSELVES AND ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO\
DO THE SAME\
New safety equipment purchased is 1 spec above OSHA requirements –\
safety glasses are UV/torch rated\
Fiber laser reminders: DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM IT. Please close the\
door and wear the special glasses while using the laser.\
IF YOU DON”T KNOW HOW TO USE A TOOL/MACHINE, PLEASE ASK!\
SAFETY ISSUE!\
New Business:\
SLACK: Please check it and interact with the posts there, especially with\
new members. Please DO NOT address hurt feelings/conflicts on the pages\
there, direct message the person or arrange to meet.\
We got a 30 day trial of Autodesk fusion. We will put it in as a donation\
request, but it is otherwise $476/yr, currently 30% off. Could possibly be a\
replacement for Lightburn etc.\
Purchasing: Drill bits were donated, they are for high-speed steel, NOT\
wood. Please do not use on wood.
