---
description: >-
  Attendance:  Jeep Johnson  MIke Overholt  Doug Nickels  Erin Taylor  Kevin
  Ethridge  Mary Keltner  McKeegan Curran  Malina Overholt  Chris Nickels  
  Kelly Nickels  Charlie Ballowe  Roger Wheeler  Chri
---

# 07//17/2025

Old Business: Expense report posted under officers’ meeting - 10k CAT match in a money market acct at 4% - liquid, can access

Sticker class: Images didn’t turn out, has to do with “flattening” otherwise a success, equipment has been used since. Mary making an SOP for stickers

_PLEASE replace supplies you use at the space. Or donate to the jar_

Horrorfiesta - need volunteers for fliers at the door, we’ve been invited. Heather will be there. 9/13 at Expo Gardens. Possible 2 day event next year

IGNITE: 8/9. NEED volunteers to man the booth. Sandwiches and water provided. SHopping allowed. 2 shifts - morning and afternoon, please sign up for one. When you are at the booth, you are there to answer questions pertaining to the applications that people are interested in. You DON”T need to be an expert. Also need help prepping. 1p at the space, loading trucks at the space. Pinewood derby and games are coming, assist with people using them. We also need help with cleanup. If you want something other than water, bring your own , civic center is EXPENSIVE.

Saturday after IGNITE 8/16 - we’re having an open house 1-5, please try to attend. We have huge attendance after IGNITE and will need help for tours.

New business:

Comicon is Saturday at the Civic Center. 3:30-5 free admission

We have purchased a UV printer coming in October. It is EXTREMELY expensive, both tool and supplies, please donate or purchase, it is a consumable. 43 center per ml of ink, and there are 6. YOu have to get it thru them, so it has to come thru the space. It is similar to an InkJet but also like a 3D printer. Max amt is 5ml. We have the DTF sealer and the rotary. UV safety glasses required for large bed. UV light is UV 400 hundred - standard glasses will work.

Sublimation will be reconfigured with updated lighting. Thanks to the construction guys.

Request for Pedaldstal

Playground: Waiting to hear back from JULE, will have clearance and dates for next phase.

Missing material. We are missing a graphic tablet from the sewing bench. As a courtesy reminder, please post in slack which too you are borrowing and when you bring it back. Our mask for graphic tablet - we accept that you forgot to post. But please post or bring it back and post that it is returned. Or post whole commitment.

Google spreadsheet of donations will be started to track.

PLEASE clean up after yourselves. Pay attention to garbage. Wipe down bathroom, etc. It is a shared space and it isn’t fair for just a few people to do it.

Consumables - there is recently a lot of consumables being used without money going into the jars. Propane is a problem. We don’t have one for the grill. 3D printing is also a problem. PLEASE drop money in the container if it is for personal use. Membership dues are for access and tools, consumables are YOUR responsibility. Generally $1/minute for Glow Forge. 100 sticker are $25. One of the officers will know the approx value.

Officer nominations and elections - 3 matters of substance: removing new members and events positions, will be joined. Adding safety officer position. Changing quorum calculation. Attendance to 1 Officers or Members meeting per year, you are counted toward quorum. Recalculated quarterly.

Requirements: Full member, 6 months in, only head of household can be an officer.

Brand new scissors purchase for sewing. DO NOT cut anything other than fabric with them OR ELSE.

Classes: Basic electronics - it will be paid, $45/person for kit. Roger will teach and you have a kit. Class space is limited. PLEASE follow Slack, it will be announced and limited to 8. First come First serve. 3rd week of August, a friday night.
