# 10/16/2025

October 2025 Members Meeting RCL NFP\
Attendance:\
Jeep\
Bill\
Xavier\
Mike\
Chris\
Doug\
Heather\
Charlie\
Roger\
Joe\
Kevin\
Erin\
Brady\
Mary\
Don\
Financial report: Checking has over 25k, have 5 months of expenses without worrying. Will be\
continuing to monitor CD.\
Quorum is currently 42 votes. New quorum with bylaw change would be 27 votes. To qualify,\
attend 1 members meeting or officer meeting. Everyone has the right to vote and is welcome to\
do so.\
2nd proposed amendment: optimizing officer positions to consolidate PR and Event Coordinator,\
and absorb Membership under the President and VP. Create new Safety Officer position that will\
require additional training to perform (first aid, defibrillator, MSDS sheets).\
Someone needs to take on Makerfest! Costs 1k/year to sponsor, we should consider it for the\
space we get during the event. Can reevaluate after the first year. This will put us front and\
center for advertising.\
CAD computer is at its updateable end of life and needs to be replaced. Longterm replacement\
\= $2800 which will get us another 5-6 years or longer. We will have at least 96 gig in RAM and a\
service agreement and warranty.\
11/20 members meeting celebration: Event will be catered by Monical’s, please bring a dessert\
to share. You will be asked to vote, be prepared. Digital votes need to be done 24hrs in advance\
of event.\
If anyone has a squirrel cage to spare, please donate.Tool wishlist: UV laser, CNC Woodworking machine, would like to crowdfund 50% of these.\
Prioritize which you want, each starts at 10k. We’ve done this before with tools like the saw\
stop, consider for November for the 2:1 CAT match.\
If you see something cool, please post! Or interact with the post! Like, heart, vote!\
We do not have enough foot traffic for the defibrillators to be donated, will purchase instead.\
Fume extractor for ROLY is here.\
Fire extinguishers have been changed out and are at the exits.\
ComiCon Spring event → we were given 2 free booths in exchange for 3-4 classes of\
predetermined subject. January deadline for class ideas, Cosplay event tentatively 3/7-8/2026.\
Try to come up with class ideas for ones you’d like to attend or teach.\
Playground update: 1st design is done, a local business is donating the PVC for the music, but\
we need workers! Assembly both at the space and onsite.\
New Business:\
Procedural change:\
When officers are investigating a code of conduct, minutes will be kept but no names published.\
New member type: $120/3 months, 1 time payment and autocancel at the end will save time\
and headaches.\
For tools borrowed: Battery operated Mliwaukees use the portable batteries. Reservations need\
to be made in Slack 4 hours in advance. 1st priority is the space. Also please post anticipated\
time of return.\
UV printer delayed by manufacturer, will update.<br>
