# 8/21/2025

August 2025 Member meeting notes RCL NFP

\


Attendance:

Jeep Johnson

Heather Houze

Kevin Ethridge

Cassie Hays

Alan Hennis

Roger

Charlie Ballowe

Mike Overholt

Willow Keltner

Chris Nelson

David Longenbach

Jim Poirier

Andrew

Greg

Don Kalmes

Cassie Vaupel

Sam

Mark Schulz

Greg Berardi

\


Financial report:

CD has been open for 2 months, consistently earning $10/month. First month for money market, earned $33.40. Plan on not touching them unless necessary. In Nov, CAT match money will go into money market to build it.&#x20;

110 active memberships

Lost 3 college interns

Lost Peoria Park District, won’t go through, will be contacting.&#x20;

We are over by $1475 this month, showing consistent growth. Feb was a lean month because of purchases but is an anomaly.&#x20;

PNC has $20,662.90, Paypal, $4872.41&#x20;

\


Old business:

IGNITE is done, thank you to everyone who helped! We had so much help that it was a good flow, one of the larger crowds. Going to push for the same layout next year. A few cars were damaged and need repaired. &#x20;

\


New desk for sublimation area.&#x20;

\


There is a lot of learning curve with the UV printer and it is a very expensive item to operate between ink and cleaning solution. Compulsory donation. $.60/ml. Full sheet of stickers for $2. Jeep and Josh will be learning the machine first and then will be teaching it to everyone, until then please don’t touch.

\


1 spot left in the Arduino class 8/29 6p. Computer required, please bring your own and make sure all updates are downloaded so we can begin immediately.&#x20;

\


Track is up and running, it will be stored in Josh’s new area.&#x20;

\


Horrorfest: Saturday 9/13, we can hand out fliers and explain who we are and what we do. Heather will be there with RCL or Spook Hollow. Willow will put fliers at KT manor’s booth.

\


For space computers, DO NOT change any settings/logins, etc. 2 instances in the last 3 weeks where master settings have been changed. You should not be downloading personal software, we need to keep them running for everyone and malware can affect that.

\


Treasurer and Cricut laptops are new so they could have Windows 11. Old Cricut tower will be a video game emulator with basic games. We have the Wifi adaptor, not sure about Bluetooth. We also have a UPS, will help with battery back up in case power is lost.&#x20;

\


Sublimation and UV are run with titanium dioxide, need to be kept wet/running because it will get clogged otherwise. NEVER shut down the sublimation printer.&#x20;

\


If you are using the large bed, safety glasses are required. 2 pairs in the bottom drawer of the sublimation station. Classes will be held and required.&#x20;

\
\


New Business:

On the ballot this year, $10,000 officer’s ability to purchase equipment for the wish list.&#x20;

\


Getting a new sewing machine, it has bells and whistles and stitches, donated by Heather.&#x20;

\


New membership type: CAT summer interns for 3 months at a time, special deal of one-time payment of $120 that covers the summer. Will cut down on paperwork and admin effort and refunds. Proof of internship required.&#x20;

\


Also target Rotational group with a discounted bundled membership.

\


Jim is upgrading his CNC and will be selling his old one to us for $2500. Will be willing to help out and train new users. Will be put on the ballot vote in November, outside range without vote. Will be selling other things to offset the cost. Could possibly do rent-to-own.&#x20;

\


Big shoutout to Charlie for making all waivers digital! Thank you!!

\
\
\
\
