---
description: Meeting Minutes for November 20, 2025 Member Meeting
---

# 11/20/2025

**Attendance:**

Chris Nelson\
Kevin Ethridge\
Erin Taylor\
Willow Keltner\
Jeep Johnson\
Heather Houze\
Mike Overholt\
Fred Bliss\
Leo Chris\
Mary Bliss\
Brady Imel\
Doug Nickels\
Kelly Nickels\
Roger\
Xavier\
Xavier’s wife\
CHarlie Balowe\
Adrew Craig\
Mike Craig\
Bob Kott\
CHris NIckels\
Alan Hennis\
Al Jolly\
Chris Smith

**Officers for 2026 are as follows:**

President: Bill Keltner\
VP: MIke Overholt\
Secretary: Erin Taylor\
Treasurer: Heather Houze\
Facilities: Alan Hennis\
Education: Jeep Johnson\
PR: Kevin Ethridge\
Membership: Charlie Ballowe\
Events: Open\
Director: Roger Wheeler\
Director: Chris Nelson

WIshlist improvements approved. Officers can purchase up to 10k tools fro wishlist in 2026.&#x20;

Quorum calculation passes

Amendment to remove 2 positions by 2027 passes. Member officer will go to Pres and VP,\
events will go to PR

New Safety Officer position approved

Sponsorship to Peoria IGNITE 1k approved<br>

Purchase a new computer for $2800 to replace CAD approved<br>

Treasurer report: For October, we have 2070.26 over expenses, highest in a long time As of\
10/31, we have 110 members, 104 voteable. That has tripled in 4 years.

Money market has 20k in it, liquid. CD has rolled over ad grown $60 in 5 months. This is for the\
laser tube replacement in the future.

Charlie and Heather are update AWS for lightsale and civiCRM to track membership. $24/month\
for more data and space. Can be used for elections

PNC auto paying issue with the rent check - cancelled check. $20/month ACH\
WIth purchasing the new computer, KVM is a switch that would help us get around the issue\
with 3D Builder and other CAD systems.\
Voltmaster 8 in 1 tool is 29.99 on Amazon. Will be purchased with KVM

**New Business:**

New officers first meeting is Tuesday, Jan 13th, member meeting 1/15

We have boxes for food donation and a posted list of additional items that will be donated to\
local people in need. Please drop off anything you can

No Build Night on Thanksgiving, but welcome to come work.<br>
