# 01/13/2026

**January 2026 Officers Meeting RCL NFP**

\
Kevin Ethridge\
Erin Taylor\
Jeep Johnson\
Heather Houze\
Bill Keltner\
Mike Overholt\
Chris Nelson\
Andrew Craig\
Charlie Ballowe\
Roger Wheeler\
SAM\
Alan Hennis

\
Financial report: $1600 extra each month. 114 total members, 2 new Starving and 1 digital as of\
Thursday night. CD is scheduled to rollover, our contact retired and we are deciding to renew for\
4 or 8 months. $7k at PNC, 4k at paypal, 3k at CD and 20k in money market.

Old Business

Welcome two new officers: Chris Nelson and Charlie Ballowe.

ComiCon in March: Bill will be doing a 3D printing class Sunday focusing on props - accessory\
creation. Willow is doing a Cosplay class on Sunday, Jeep is doing a laser cutting class\
Saturday and Sunday. Jeep is currently building a Pi-operated Pit boy that runs on a cellphone.\
Purchasing Fall-Out funko-pop for PeoriaCon to do a drawing to be awarded the following\
Thursday at the Space, must be present to win.<br>

For ComiCon: badge will be comped if you volunteer for ½ day or more. Clayton is volunteering\
for Saturday. Please try your best to be there for ½ day, don’t have to stay at the table the whole\
time. It will be a new crowd for us. 5 tours and 1 member is the bar for success and will\
determine future investment and participation. Will help decide what is worth our time. RCL and\
Fall-Out stickers will be for sale at ComiCon and will go to the General Fund. Will be original\
artwork.

Engineering Day: 2/22 at the Museum, additional space requested. Please try to come at least\
½ day, it's a fun day with cool displays. Avantis will be provided. We have a members’ meeting\
the Thursday before, we will try to get things loaded then. Buying a bigger/taller tote for the\
Prusa mini.

The new computer is here and will get finished being set up this week. InkScape, NAS, and\
LightBurn are the last to get set up.

AED has the option to automatically call 911 if opened without a key. Bill and Heather are\
attending the AED class in March.

Abstain button will be added to the ballot for next year

Please sign the new 2026 waiver asap!

Replacing CNC - we need a reliable, user-friendly machine. HAS to be operational when\
someone walks in the door. We don’t have room for a 4x4.

Probotic will be sold on FB marketplace or throw it out.

New stipend position created for a maintenance worker/training position. As it is a stipend, we\
cannot specify hours. They would report to the P and VP/ $300.month. Expectations are hours\
as needed to support new members and maintain facilities. 20 hours per month or as many as\
they want to give. Essentials: building general support, operate and maintain tools and\
equipment, conduct regular inspections on machines, respond to urgent maintenance issues,\
inventory supplies and equipment. Qualifications: full member, key knowledge of onsite tools\
and tech, 1099 employee. Will be reevaluated each year and put it up for termination or\
keeping. Position will be announced at the Members meeting on Thursday and applications will\
open up. Goal is to fill by the end of February. Applications accepted until 2/1

\
New business:

\
UV accessories have been received, still waiting on delivery of actual printer.\
Will consider partnering/cross-promoting with Distillery Labs\
Need to revamp the website to make it more obvious that we are NOT for hire. Many of the\
phone inquiries are asking us to do jobs.
