# 02/08/2022

## Officer Reports

President: Aaron Peterson

Vice President : Wes Thill

Secretary: Sreeram Mahadevan

Treasurer: TBD, Fred in interim

PR Officer: Patrick Gudat

Facilities Manager: Cody Webster

Membership Officer: Karen Raab

Education Officer: Alan Hennis

Director: Josh Malavolti

## Old Business

For full context see [01/11/2022 meeting notes](../../officers/2022/1-11-2022.md)

Josh: Mill mounting plate design/purchase. Will cotinue discussion in #metalworking\
will work on adding a space-wide doorbell via homeassistant or something.

Alan will get the belt sander stuff put back together this week (01/11/2022)

Wes: \
1\. suggests woodshop purchases, will put details in #woodshop\
2\. Suggests building new workbench with integrated router as a group project.\
3\. Suggests goal setting for officers; we need to find a place to discuss this\
4\. Suggests membership interest/skills survey on how to improve the space\
5\. Suggests an offboarding project to get feedback from outgoing members\
6\. Suggests PR officer composes quarterly RCL newsletters to showcase what's going on\
7\. Will open up nominations for Director and Events Officer tonight (01/11/2022)\
8\. Suggests we get a Smart Thermostat for the space.

Josh and Sam will get the Octoprint url's working externally this Thursday (01/11/2022)



## New Business

Engineering Day - Sunday Feb 20, 2022

#### Aaron:

* QR code project is ready for physical implementation! Aaron finished all the code and wiki integration
* setup and configuration are under [administration/machine-qr-codes](https://wiki.rivercitylabs.space/administration/machine-qr-codes)
* New Gitlab project group
* [Checkout out RCL Slack channel for checking out our discussion](https://app.slack.com/client/T046HEHJB/C02TMLF8DJ6)
* Backup plan for Fred's responsibilities
* Moving #officers chat as #administrations, opening up this channel to public

#### Wes:

To open up ballot on Thursday 10/08/2022, nomination closes on 17/08/2022

#### Feb-20 10am-5pm Engineering day

&#x20;Alan:  , Karen: Screw wall, Josh: Hot wheel, Jeep: wands, and Heather

**Fred:**

Presented&#x20;

* Presented his current roles and responsibilities
* Presented Monthly Expenses Vs Expenditure, year-to-day
* Welcoming new members to offload responsibilities
* End of the year financials in [financial\_reports](https://app.slack.com/client/T046HEHJB/CAJ5Q3YSZ)

**Cody:**

* planer: need new blades
* jointer: Needs new base

**Sam:**

* Online wavier as a google form
* _**LEAVE THE FAN ON**_ the hvac
* Nginx is operational missing

**Jeep:**&#x20;

* Mill mounting plate is done
* Belt sander is operational, tracking is aligned
