# 04/12/2021

Attendees: Jeep, Alan, Fred, Sam, Don

Agenda:

* What's happening new in the space
  * Forge Press
  * Cricut
  * Fred contributed to mblock's repo  as a developer representing RCL
  * Gas for the mig refilled and setup (5year lease). Joey to be pick up the old bottle
  * Top shelf bracket installed, light moved outside of the shelf for better lighting (3d printer room)
* Show intel
  * None Showed up
* Bathroom Door
  * To get a different door stop, that comes with all the assembly item necessary (Fred to order it)
  * Keep it closed when in use or otherwise
* Regular housekeeping request
  * Beer as a token of appreciation (on yourself :P )

Please refer to the [officer's meeting minutes](https://wiki.rivercitylabs.space/meetings/officers/2021/09-07-2021) for more details
